Topics to Cover : for JUNIT 5
------------------------------
            About Junit, Introduction, Different Vesrsions
            First Junit Test
        1)  Annotations
        2)  Test Life cycle methods:
        3)  Assertions
        4)  Assumptions
        5)  Exception Handling
        6)  Disabling Tests
        7)  Conditional Test Execution
        8)  Tagging and Filtering
        9)  Test Execution Order
        10) Test Interfaces and Default Methods
        11) Repeated Tests
        12) Parameterized Tests 
        13) Test Templates
        14) Dynamic Tests
        15) Parallel Execution
        16) Running Tests
        17) Console Launcher

Introduction :
------------------

JUnit is a Testing Framework. The Junit 5 is the latest version of the testing framework, 
and it has a lot of features when compared with Junit 4. JUnit 5, also known as JUnit Jupiter. 
It introduces several new features and improvements over its predecessor, JUnit 4, 
making it more powerful and flexible for writing and running tests.

The JUnit 5 version has three different modules for defining and performing different 
functionalities in testing. The components are:

    JUnit Platform : The JUnit Platform serves as a foundation for launching testing frameworks 
                    on the JVM. It also defines the TestEngine API for developing a testing 
                    framework that runs on the platform. Furthermore, the platform provides a 
                    Console Launcher to launch the platform from the command line and a JUnit 4 
                    based Runner for running any TestEngine on the platform in a JUnit 4 
                    based environment. 

    JUnit Jupiter : JUnit Jupiter is the combination of the new programming model and extension 
                    model for writing tests and extensions in JUnit 5. The Jupiter sub-project 
                    provides a TestEngine for running Jupiter based tests on the platform. 

    JUnit Vintage : JUnit Vintage provides a TestEngine for running JUnit 3 and JUnit 4 based 
                    tests on the platform. 